You can't connect the dots looking forward
you can only connect them looking backwards
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
You have to trust in something
your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever
Because believing that the dots will connect down the road
will give you the confidence to follow your heart
even when it leads you off the well worn path
And that will make all the difference
Your time is limited
so don't waste it living someone else's life
Don't be trapped by dogma
which is living with the results of other people's thinking
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice
You've got to find what you love
And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life
and the only way to be truly satisfied
is to do what you believe is great work
And the only way to do great work
is to love what you do
If you haven't found it yet
keep looking
and don't settle
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition
they somehow already know
what you truly want to become
You gonna have some ups and you gonna have some downs
Most people give up on themselves easily
You know the human spirit is powerful
There is nothing as powerful. It's hard to kill the human spirit
Anybody can feel good when they have their health, their bills are paid, they have happy relationships
Anybody can be positive then
anybody can have a larger vision then
anybody can have faith under those kinds of circumstances.
The real challenge of growth mentally, emotionally and spiritually
comes when you get knocked down
It takes courage to act
part of being hungry when you have been defeated
It takes courage
to start over again
Fear kills dreams
Fear kills hope
Fear
put people in the hospital
Fear can age you
can hold you back from doing something that you know within yourself that you are capable of doing
but it will paralyze you
At the end of your feelings is nothing
but at the end of every principle is a promise
Behind your little feelings, it might not be absolutely nothing at the end of your little feelings
but behind every principle is a promise
And some of you in your life
the reason why you not at your goal right now, because you just all about your feelings
All of your feelings, you don't feel like waking up, so who does
Everyday you say 'no' to your dreams
you might be pushing your dreams back a whole six months, a whole year
That one single day, that one day you didn't get up could have pushed your stuff back, I don't know how long
Don't allow your emotions to control you
We are emotional, but what you want to begin to discipline your emotion
If you don't discipline and contain your emotion, they will use you
You want it
and you're going to go all out to have it
It's not going to be easy, when you want to change, it's not easy
If it were in fact easy, everybody would do it
But if you're serious, you'll go all out
I'm in control here
I'm not going to let this get me down, I'm not going to let this destroy me
I'm coming back
And I'll be stronger and better because of it
You have got to make a declaration
that this is what you stand for
You're standing up for your dreams
you're standing up for peace of mind
you're standing up for health
take full responsibility for your life
Accept where you are and the responsibility that you're going to take yourself where you want to go
You can decide that I'm going to live each day as if it were my last
Live your life with passion
With some drive
Decided that you are going to push yourself
The last chapter to your life has not been written yet
and it doesn't matter about what happened yesterday
It doesn't matter about what happened to you, what matters is
'what are you going to do about it?'
This year I will make this goal become a reality
I won't talk about it anymore
I can
To persevere I think is important for everybody
Don't give up, don't give in
There's always an answer to everything